#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\master preface.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Data security is critical in our days.
 Its great importance is not anymore limited to military or industrial applicati
ons.
 In contrast, data security is now an important issue in consumer electronics.
 There are several security protocols available, aimed to protect both privacy
 and veracity of transmitted information.
 Among these protocols, TLS (Transport Layer Security) is one of the most
 important Internet security standards.
 Integrating security protocols in embedded systems has an increasingly
 importance, due to the arising of technologies such as SmartHome, SmartCity,
 and briefly, an emergent paradigm known as Internet of Things (IoT).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This work presents the process of integration of a TLS library in an embedded
 system.
 This system is a gateway communicating a local sensor network with Amazon
 Web Services cloud for IoT (AWS
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

IoT).
 The integration is completed with the addition of AWS
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

IoT Device SDK to the system, making the communication effective.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
